Clarify that remote SSH access is disabled by default and expand upon… (#1594)
home-assistant/hassio-addons: ssh/DOCS.md

### SSH Server Connection

> Remote SSH access from the network is disabled by default (See Network below).  To connect using an SSH client, such as PuTTY or Linux terminal, you need to supply additional configuration for this add-on. To enable SSH connectivity, you need to:

Reviewer: Minor tweaks:

```suggestion
Remote SSH access from the network is disabled by default (see Network below). To connect using an SSH client, such as PuTTY or Linux terminal, you need to supply additional configuration for this add-on. To enable SSH connectivity, you need to:
```

Additional concern: 

> To connect using an SSH client, such as PuTTY or Linux terminal

The Linux terminal itself is not an SSH client. The modified section below contains the same error.

Author: Good point, perhaps substitute "PuTTY or ssh from a shell command" ...  could even drop that change if it's not adding value.

## Network

This section is only relevant if you want to connect to Home Assistant using an SSH client, such as PuTTY or Linux terminal. To enable SSH remote access from the Network, specify the desired SSH TCP server port in the Network configuration input box. The number you enter will be used to map that port from the host into the running "Terminal & SSH" add-on. The standard port used for the SSH protocol is `22`.  

> SSH remote access can be disabled by clearing the input box, saving the config and restarting the add-on.  The default is disabled.

Reviewer: Small tweak to clarify it is turning off again. The section above already tells one how to enable it.

```suggestion
Remote SSH access can be disabled again, by clearing the input box, saving the configuration and restarting the add-on.
```
